- How can I get started with this software?

You should create device file for MPIO. Be root and type following:

   mkmpiodev

Once you create it, you do not need to run this script again.
Next, the driver module has to be loaded before playing.

   depmod -a
   modprobe mpio

Connect your MPIO to PC by USB cable. You can run mpiosh shell now.
When you want to stop playing, disconnect MPIO and type:

   modprobe -r mpio

- Is there any risk to use this software with my MPIO mp3 player?

We do not really know that, but we do not garantee for anything. If
you use this software and your MPIO mp3 player turns into a useless
brick it is your own fault. If you use any other device with this
library it would be a wonder if does _not_ turn it into a brick. So if
you do not like your mp3 player just use this software ;-)

- I downloaded a current CVS snapshot but there is no configure script, only
  a configure.in ! What do I have to do??

configure and a few other files are automagically created using the
tools aclocal, autoconf and automake. Execute the script "autogen.sh"
and you should be ready to go. (Of course, you need to have the
mentioned tools installed ;-)

- How to help us finding bugs and learning more about different models
  of the MPIO mp3 players?

The mpiosh shell is at the moment the only user interface to access
the functionality of libmpio. Because this software is definitly not
ready yet (pre alpha) and we need a lot of more information about
different models of the MPIO mp3 players we add special debugging
functionality to the shell to help users to support our work.

To help us understanding your bug reports we need a lot of information
about the data which is exchanged between your MPIO mp3 player and our
library. To get this information we added a special 'debug' command to 
the mpio-shell (mpiosh). To activate the debug ouput type the following 
command:

  mpio <i> debug on

to see more detailed debug output the level can be changed using the
'level' option like this:

  mpio <i> debug level 5

This sets the highest debug level available. To make it easier to send us
the output you can redirect the debug output to a file like this:

  mpio <i> debug file /tmp/mpio-5.debug

If you would like to help us finding bugs and learning more about the
protocol of the MPIO players use this debugging support and send the log
files to one of the developers or the mailing-list at sourceforge

Thanks for you help.

your MPIO-Team





